Fixed #30375 -- Added FOR NO KEY UPDATE support to QuerySet.select_for_update() on PostgreSQL. (#11247)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

``select_for_update()``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. method:: select_for_update(nowait=False, skip_locked=False, of=(), no_key=False)

Reviewer: Could you please also add a `.. versionchanged` annotation for `no_key`.

Author: Done

        Restaurant.objects.select_for_update(of=('self', 'place_ptr'))

> On PostgreSQL only, you can pass ``no_key=True`` in order to acquire a weaker
> lock, that still allows the creating rows that merely reference locked rows
> (through a foreign key, for example) whilst the lock is in place. The
> PostgreSQL documentation has more details about `row-level lock modes
> <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html#LOCKING-ROWS>`_.
> 

Reviewer 2: Grrr. Sorry. There was a spare `the` in there... 

```suggestion
On PostgreSQL only, you can pass ``no_key=True`` in order to acquire a weaker
lock, that still allows creating rows that merely reference locked rows
(through a foreign key, for example) whilst the lock is in place. The
PostgreSQL documentation has more details about `row-level lock modes
<https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html#LOCKING-ROWS>`_.

```

Reviewer 3: Fixed.

        Restaurant.objects.select_for_update(of=('self', 'place_ptr'))

> On PostgreSQL only, you can pass ``no_key=True`` in order to acquire the weaker
> lock. This means that creating rows that reference (through a foreign key)
> locked rows due to ``select_for_update(no_key=True)`` won't have to wait until
> the lock is released. The PostgreSQL documentation has more details about
> `row-level lock modes
> <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html#LOCKING-ROWS>`_.

Reviewer 2: I think at least `acquire the weaker lock` needs to be `acquire a weaker lock`. _What lock?_, but maybe: 

```suggestion
On PostgreSQL only, you can pass ``no_key=True`` in order to acquire a weaker
lock, that still allows the creating rows that merely reference locked rows
(through a foreign key, for example) whilst the lock is in place. The
PostgreSQL documentation has more details about `row-level lock modes
<https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html#LOCKING-ROWS>`_.
```

It's a mouthful any which way...

the ``nowait`` argument and MySQL 8.0.1+ supports the ``nowait`` and
``skip_locked`` arguments. MySQL and MariaDB don't support the ``of`` argument.

> In addition, the ``postgresql`` backend supports an extra argument ``no_key``

Author: Added a reference

for ``select_for_update()``. This forces PostgreSQL to acquire a
``FOR NO KEY UPDATE`` lock, which is similar to ``FOR UPDATE``, except that the
lock acquired is weaker: this lock will not block ``SELECT FOR KEY SHARE``
commands that attempt to acquire a lock on the same rows.
In practice this means that ``INSERT`` of rows referencing (through a foreign
key) locked rows due to ``select_for_update(no_key=True)`` won't have to wait
until the lock is released to commit.

> 

Author: Fixed
